# A1 - Online Shop

The goal of this project is to develop a global marketplace which specializes in the sale of gaming related digital products using redemption keys. This website will offer a great variety of videogames for different platforms in a wide range of genres and ages.


More than ever consumers around world choose to buy their products online instead of the traditional physical stores. In addiction to this, the videogame industry is witnessing a huge economical growth and the majority of best sellers are now mainly focus on online gaming, being usually associated with plataforms like Steam or Origin. These platforms have their own digital marketplaces where digital games are mainly exchanged.


Although those platforms' market are not new, they are not well accepted by the gaming community when it comes to trading and reselling, since they have strict protectionist policies against this practices and charge huge fees arguing the transaction's safety topics.

The main stakeholders of this platform are two: the buyer and the seller. The buyer looks for fast, on demand business, without burocracy, at the greatest price. He takes into account reviews from his peers, rather than having a personal contact with a physical store or seller. The seller is a classic reseller who faces plenty of barriers while using classic platforms to exchange their products, but also could be gamers who received extra non-used redemption keys and want to avoid the huge taxes imposed to these microtransactions by those platforms.

For these reasons, nowadays, a plataform like the one proposed, friendly to reselling, highly focused on the community review and built for processing instantly the custommers demand is more than ever necessary to accommodate customers' needs and demands. 


The website will have an adaptive design and a well crafted navigation that allows users to search games by platform, category, genre and name. The user will be able to buy multiple products from different sellers at the same time using a shopping cart like system that will store the products until checkout.

Each product can have multiple sellers, offering different prices and having different ratings, empowering competition and freedom of choice. As such, in each product's page there will be a section where all offers are listed allowing users to easily compare them.

Generally a purchase is completed after the payment is successful, without the intervention of any kind of administrator, so that the key inserted by the seller is automatically revealed to the buyer. In addiction, the platform will include a report feature that can be used by the user to alert the administrator if any kind of problem, such as an invalid key, occurs. As mentioned before, the platform will have an huge focus on the communitary reviewing, for that reason, after acquiring a key, the customer will be able to review the seller, helping the community in choosing a good seller in the future. After the purchase, information with purchase details, such as price and involved users are added to their profile, to a section dedicated to keeping the record of all transactions made by them.

The platform's database will save a record of the majority of game's titles, so that when publishing a sale, the seller must specify the game the redemption key relates to according to a supplied list. This way, we improve the search in the website and avoid as much as possible either administrator intervention or data misusing. One of the main functions of the administrator is to keep the database updated with new games.

While placing an offer to a specific product, a seller must upload the redemption key he wants to sell to the platform database. For that moment on the management of that key as well as the delivery to the correct customer according to the success of the payment will be from the responsability of the online platform.


The user will be able to create an account in the website and authenticate himself with a username and password. The username must be created on sign up. After registration the user will be able to access his account by using the platform's login feature. There is no distinction between a seller's and a buyer's account. In the platform every customer is at the same time a potencial seller and a potencial buyer.


There are 3 types of users. The guest (unauthenticated user) can only navigate through the website, search for products, consult the offers avaiable and view sellers' ratings, without the possibility to make transactions. 
The authenticated user can buy and sell products as well as access the profile editing menu, where an user can change his personal details such as username, email, password and profile image. After making a purchase, the user gains the capability to write a review about that transaction. 
The administrator is a special type of account without the possibility to buy or sell items, and is also unable to write a review. On the other hand, he has the ability to delete offensive reviews, update a product's details, block certain users from selling and buying items, add games to the database and manage the reports made by users.

***
## Revision history
Changes made to the first submission:
***
### Team: 43
* José Guerra, up201706421@fe.up.pt
* Luís Ramos, up201706253@fe.up.pt
* Martim Silva, up201705205@fe.up.pt
* Ruben Almeida, up201704618@fe.up.pt (Editor)

###### 2020/02/19